Why back up?
>> So, last night after the Knicks game,
there was some disorderly behavior. 21
people got arrested and uh got a bunch
of people got beat up and cops had to
use pepper spray and a little bit of
billy clubbing. Now I was up there but
well let me walk you through the whole
day.
>> Is this just going to be too scary and
madness to go up and see?
>> No. I think if we're going to do
Washington Square Park, we should then
go up to MSG and see the blocked off cuz
apparently it's pretty crazy up there
too. Closure is in effect. No one will
be allowed inside the secure area unless
you have a ticket to the game.
>> Or is the business of the area got
screwed?
>> All right. So, this is what's going on
over there. And there's just too many
people and everybody's smoking and I
can't I don't like the smoke and then
the crowds. So, I'm hiding over here.
>> No, I am not Vin Diesel.
>> But, they're supposed to go from here up
to like where Madison Square Garden is
where the game is tonight. So, maybe
I'll like follow along. I just want to
see what's going on.
You got to park in there.
>> Yo, Nick, we found the staging area for
the NYPD tonight.
>> Chris, this is the staging area for
tonight.
>> Yeah, we're getting ready for MSG.
>> Nice to meet you.
>> Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, man.
Love you.
>> Good luck tonight, guys.
>> Yeah, thank you. Thank you.
>> You're going to need it.
>> Yeah, trust me, we are.
>> Especially if we win.
>> Thank you. Be safe, right? Take care,
guys. That's Madison Square Garden right
there.
So, they've shut down 29th Street, 30th
Street, I think, up through 36. We're at
29th
right now. And they're continuing to
shut it down further south.
>> Needs to get something up.
He misses. All of New York City has been
going crazy.
>> I got to go up there.
>> You're going right now?
>> Yeah, I'm going to go.
It's been 27 years since the Knicks were
in the finals. They're definitely going
to win this game three. I got to see it.
This might be the most police I've ever
seen out in New York City. The only cars
on the road are police cars. Look.
I couldn't get near Madison Square
Garden, but I think there's a viewing
party here.
>> Welcome to New York City.
>> Thanks, man.
>> You can't see the game. Have you tried
to go around the park?
>> Yeah. Go around through. Take it
anywhere.
>> I got to figure this out. All right.
>> Good luck, guys.
>> So, there's like a viewing party right
there in Bryant Park, but you can't get
in. No one can get in. I got to Holy
smokes. Look at ALL THESE PEOPLE.
SO, THIS WAS LIKE 10:30 at night and it
was getting a little rowdy, but
everybody was having fun and most
importantly, the Knicks hadn't lost yet.
>> Yo, gang, I'VE BEEN WATCHING YOU SINCE I
WAS LIKE 7. OH MY GOD.
>> MY LIFE IS [__] MADE. YO, HAVE A GO.
I LOVE YOU.
>> A lot of love out here. What's good? A
lot of love. Not a lot of ways to watch
the game.
See, there was a big public viewing
party there. They put up like a gigantic
movie screen. They had the game on it
and it's where you could go and for free
go and watch the game. That's what I was
trying to that's where I was trying to
go.
So, eventually I gave up and I just like
I left. And it was a fertuitous decision
because when I woke up this morning and
saw all of like the trouble that
happened, it was all right there at the
Bryant Park viewing party. Things are
nice and quiet by Brian Park. That was
not the case at all just a few hours
ago. Scenes of chaos and craziness. This
video really speaks for itself. Police
trying to control the chaos pushing
crowds back. This is just the latest
case of a situation spiraling. Still no
word yet on how many arrests were made
last. And I can't express how
disappointed I was when I woke up this
morning and saw all the videos,
especially the ones where like the guys
wearing Spurs jerseys were getting
beaten up.
>> Get off me. I'm going to get one. Holy
[__]
>> Like to beat someone up because they're
from the other. Like
that's not the New York I know. The New
York I know is what I found after giving
up on Bryant Park in skateboarding home
and I found a viewing party of my own.
Okay, I came downtown.
I think I found a viewing party.
>> Yo, can I join your viewing party?
>> Just chill New Yorkers. I They were
chill. They were super nice. I was only
able to watch the third quarter with
them, though.
>> There there's so much smoke over there.
I can't uh I think I got to try to
>> I can't handle the weed smoke. They're
really nice guys.
>> Nope. and an Obi corner three fires
away. Shots no good and the Spurs win.
>> Overall overall rough night for New
York.
>> Did you watch the game last night?
>> Nope. Losing. Losing is not bad.
>> What? What do you mean?
>> Losing sort of bring you back to a place
where you you rethink and recalibrate.